_sections/about-me.md, before:

---
title: About me
icon: fa-user
order: 2
---

![Picture of Pierre Arthuis](assets/images/Arthuis_home_landscape.jpg)

After studying both versatile engineering at École Centrale de Nantes (France)
and physics at Technische Universität Darmstadt (Germany), I prepared my PhD
within the Nuclear Physics Department of CEA Paris-Saclay, the French
Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission, working with Thomas Duguet
and Jean-Paul Ébran. Right after obtaining my degree from Université
Paris-Saclay in September 2018, I moved to University of Surrey (United Kingdom)
to work within the Nuclear Theory Group with Carlo Barbieri. Since September
2020, I have been a member of the STRONGINT group of Achim Schwenk at the TU
Darmstadt.

My research focuses on developing ab initio many-body methods to study the
structure of finite nuclei, both from a formal and a computational point of
view. My previous work includes the development and first application of
[Bogoliubov Many-Body Perturbation Theory](https://tel.archives-ouvertes.fr/tel-01992165),
a low-cost correlated method relying on the concept of symmetry breaking. As
part of this work with diagrammatic methods, I am the maintainer of
[ADG](https://github.com/adgproject/adg/), an open-source Python package
generating diagrams and expressions for several many-body methods.

Commit message:

Update bio with additional info on SCGF and ADG

_sections/about-me.md, after:

---
title: About me
icon: fa-user
order: 2
---

![Picture of Pierre Arthuis](assets/images/Arthuis_home_landscape.jpg)

After studying both versatile engineering at École Centrale de Nantes (France)
and physics at Technische Universität Darmstadt (Germany), I prepared my PhD
within the Nuclear Physics Department of CEA Paris-Saclay, the French
Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission, working with Thomas Duguet
and Jean-Paul Ébran. Right after obtaining my degree from Université
Paris-Saclay in September 2018, I moved to University of Surrey (United Kingdom)
to work within the Nuclear Theory Group with Carlo Barbieri. Since September
2020, I have been a member of the STRONGINT group of Achim Schwenk at the TU
Darmstadt.

My research focuses on developing ab initio many-body methods to study the
structure of finite nuclei, both from a formal and a computational point of
view. My previous works include the development and first application of
[Bogoliubov Many-Body Perturbation Theory](https://tel.archives-ouvertes.fr/tel-01992165),
a low-cost correlated method relying on the concept of symmetry breaking.
More recently, I worked on the extension towards heavier nuclei of
Self-Consistent Green's Functions calculations, resulting in the first
*ab initio* [study](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.125.182501) of charge
radii and densities and neutron skins above the Sn isotopic line.

In particular, one of my interest is the automatisation of the development
process of many-body methods. When designing and implementing a new formalism,
or pushing it towards higher precision, a lot of time is spent on long,
error-prone handmande derivations and operations. This can be reduced by using
the appropriate tools to let the computer take care of it.
As part of this effort, I am the maintainer and main developer of
[ADG](https://github.com/adgproject/adg/), an open-source Python package
generating diagrams and expressions for several many-body methods. This work
additionaly led to progress in our understanding of [many-body diagrammatics](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cpc.2018.11.023).
